this is a windows phone 7 game review of
bubble pong which is available in the
marketplace for free this is a little
simple game but it's actually very
addicting and its really surprisingly
awesome to play at first it seems really
simple and all you do is you have to
keep a ball bouncing and there's a few
gems to collect and say just use touch
controls and you have to keep this ball
bouncing but as you go on through the
levels you realize it's a lot more than
just keeping a ball bouncing you have to
direct it in order to get all the gyms
and collect those and it also is a
really cool high score tracker which
shows up in the bottom right corner and
just as you go it automatically shows
you your live online leaderboard
listings and if you get more points then
it automatically shows you stepping up
like I just went to blow top 100 there
so it's a really cool interactive system
and right now says I'm at weekly
leaderboards spot number 19 so
automatically keeps you updated and
makes it a lot more fun to play because
you instantly see how you're stepping up
in the leaderboards and you feel like
you actually have a chance at the
leaderboard which makes it a lot more
fun and as you go on the levels get
really awesome you can even just jump
into a certain set of levels like select
one there and they get really crazy you
have to manage multiple balls at the
same time and it gets a lot faster a lot
more insane there's enemies that you
have to avoid actually and you can't let
your ball drop for long enough time
otherwise you run out of energy which is
kept track on on the left side and then
the game's over or if the enemies eat
all of your little bubbles then match
game over to but another cool thing is
if you get your bubble large enough you
can actually eat the enemy so there's a
lot of different elements in this game
it makes it really exciting there's
those diamonds that you get that they
all break apart into separate gems
there's other bubbles that you get that
will actually turn your balls and
multiple balls dug them up so sex please
any possible game em in there and as you
can see the leaderboards are just
stepping right up so you actually know
instantly where you are so overall it's
a really surprisingly great game and for
the price of free I definitely recommend
checking it out it's pretty fun and in
terms of lashing value there's a lot of
levels to play through there like 60
levels and there's a lot of replay value
since you want to try to get to the top
of the leaderboards and it's
surprisingly quite fun so it's worth
checking out visuals are nice the music
is really nice and addicting overall
it's a surprisingly great game and I
recommend you check out Bobo pong in the
marketplace for free